You said before that it's impossible to have only successes, and you gave an example, but
the reality is that you have shown an exceptional sense of smell, because there are very few
projects that succeed over projects that fail, and you have been lucky, but not probably
to have several of the great successes.
So I would like very much, I think it is very enriching if you tell us, what do you look at,
how do you analyze a company, what do you look at, whether they are metric people, I don't know,
to invest or not to invest?
Well, depending on the stage of the business, I look at some variables or others, that is,
in a company that you are going to set up from the beginning, obviously there are no metrics,
I look at whether there is capacity for the market, so that it is a model, a big business,
then on the other hand I look at a lot...
I'm going to do a review, size of market.
Size of market, fundamental, at least for me, and it is what helps me to know if such.
The idea, the business that wants to be set up, is creating a real added value?
That is, is there a real competitive advantage?
That is, are there some deficiencies in that sector in which you want to set it up that you can cover
doing it better, with much less resources than your competitors, because they are much bigger?
Yes or no?
If the answer is yes at that moment in ascending, it is when what I do is try to surround myself with the best team,
and in the end that choice is what is going to mark your company.
Then there is another thing that is also fundamental, that I always consider, it is the timing.
I'm going to give a simple example so you can see it clearly.
If Twenty instead of being set up in 2004, when Facebook had not yet arrived in Spain,
if it had been set up in 2008, I don't know for sure, but I can assure you that probably in a very high percentage
it would not have been successful.
So timing is also fundamental.
I love it because you have said four factors that are key.
Size of the market, creation of value, because there is a problem that has not yet been solved.
And also, not only that it solves a problem, but that it solves a problem with certain competitive advantages,
in a more efficient way than the current solutions or whatever.
We have said team, the third leg, and the fourth you have said timing.
I think it is a good summary of the four factors to analyze.
Thank you.